following with the tutorial we are going to
convert a photograph
his image
an autocad file
then and simply
we open
the picture
I open
then there is this option to embed
It is not necessary to know how to use all
program elements about some that
I'll explain now for saying
we have someone's picture
and if we want to update it simply
a trip on a trip later
prioritize bitmap is not necessary
that the image is a bitmap but that
with these functions although it is already done
we have several options which
can you try
and see how the
in this case
remember that they have to be here
selected this icon here of the
arrow we select the image
we see what
the whole image that is a
Once selected , we can
use
this menu then cut off luminosity
we test with the value that is here 0.45
we must update
sometimes delay or say do not seem
then we will accept
like 50
This is how we are staying
I take off I click selected the image
background
to press the delete key or bill gates
and I have left the image
as they realize they are images of
use in suddenly on some plane in
something that they want to do some detail a
special flight
and this and they can try all of a sudden with
other values and other options have fallen
who can also try it and watch it play
with the values ​​in this case I think
that has been very well you can see the
Face figure can try with
other values
there would be control z
again control z to go back
then again he selected me
I assure you that I am here to select this
select selection icon
I will not try to see with point 35 as
mega
I will give him to accept
deleted the background image in the image of
background as it already causes some
details then I'll go back to
point 45 as control z not from doing
again control z undo
selected the image
and I do not think it was okay with that
value but you must accept deleted the image
background
I'm closing this window of Victor
hoist
and the file
save as
and I will not save in x format
is save
I leave you with the default values
to accept
since m created this folder this file
x double click and give us consider what
has kept me is the edge of the edge the
recognizes as a policy
then this what I'm going to do
for you to see that he does
pretty good I'm going to paint what I'm going to this one
pizarro
I will not create
the black background
baquedano
so
now
I'm not going to be helping
the internal parts
but this part also
but also that they want a majority
enters
with the big account if you can see the
figure of the person
the person can use it for rigor
good friends that would be all if you liked
click like I can also
Share the video with your friends or
colleagues invite you to enter the page
of facebook and twitter where they can
find more tutorials and tips and tricks
of autocad combined with a bit of
humor to make a little more entertaining
this page the link is in the
descriptive part of the video and good that
it would be all that you have a very good day until
then